His Tinder profile said he was 45, but he looked to be in his early thirties at most.

Looking for a sugar baby. $700 weekly. No sex.

It sounded too good to be true, but, as a broke university student, I was willing to take my chances. I swiped right, and Tinder let me know it was a match. His message came seconds later.

Hey, there sweetheart :)

I cringed at that word, I hated it, but seven hundred dollars was seven hundred dollars, so I sucked it up and replied.

Hey ;)

His name was Jack, and he told me he owned his own business, although he never specified what kind of business it was. We talked for a while before he asked me for my Venmo to send me the first payment.

After a few minutes, I got the notification. I stared at the $700 for at least twenty minutes, expecting to wake up from a dream at any second. But it wasn’t a dream.

You still there?

I clicked on the message.

Yeah. Sorry. If you don’t mind me asking, what are you looking for in return?

I stared at the chat until he replied.

I’m just looking for you to do a few favors for me :)

That sounded like it was going to be sexual to me.

Like what?

For example, the first thing I need you to do is pick up a delivery for me.

That sounded innocent enough, but I was still expecting there to be some kind of twist. Seven-hundred dollars to pick up a package? Come on, even I wasn’t that naive.

From the post office or something?

No. I’ll send you the address, but I’d rather not do this through Tinder. You got Kik? Or you can give me your number.

Kik? What was this, 2011? I decided to give him my number instead, and he texted me the address immediately, followed by the address to his house, where I would have to drop off the package.

I’m not home right now, but there’s a key on the bottom of the blue flower pot near the door. Go inside and put the package on the coffee table in the living room. Make sure that you lock the door when you go inside the house, and then lock it again when you leave.

I grabbed my car keys and wallet and got into my car, putting the address into Google maps.

Got it! Omw.

My phone buzzed as I backed out of my driveway.

I’m serious. Lock the door BOTH times. Please.

I thought that was a little excessive, but I promised him that I would.

The house looked abandoned. It had a broken chain link fence around it, with a small door that was hanging onto dear life. It stuck out like a sore thumb, surrounded by houses that were a lot nicer than this one in comparison.

“You here for Jack’s shit?”

I looked up to see a man standing in the open doorway of the house. He took up almost the entire space, his head skimming the top of the door frame. He was huge; in height and muscles, and his entire torso was covered in tattoos.

“Uh, yeah. I guess.” I replied, not moving from my spot on the sidewalk.

“Stay right there.” He said.

I did. I actually don’t think I would have moved if he had asked me to. I looked around and realized that there was no one else on this street. I was a twenty-one-year-old woman alone in the street. I gripped my car keys.

A few minutes later, the man came back out carrying a cardboard box. It was about the size of a shoebox, but stained and damp on some of the corners.

“Can you open your car?” He asked.

I opened the trunk, not wanting that inside on my car seats and he set it in.

“Alright, there you go.” He said.

“Thanks.” I replied.

I walked around to the driver's side of the car and opened the door.

“Oh, and one more thing!” He said.

I looked at him.

“Watch out.” He said.

I didn’t reply.

I blasted my music as I drove to Jack’s house, hoping it would drown out my anxiety. It didn’t.

I parked my car in the stone driveway and stayed inside the car, admiring the house.

It was a huge house; with stone pillars on the front porch, and the greenest grass I had ever seen in my life. I turned the car off and got out. I grabbed the package, and walked to the front door, getting the key from where he said it would be.

I opened the door and stepped in, closing it behind me.

I thought about what he had said, about locking the door when I got inside. I thought that was a little overboard, but as I stared at the closed door something made me reach out and lock it.

I walked inside, my feet cushioned by the thick maroon carpet, and admired the inside of the house. All the furniture was wooden and looked incredibly expensive. I would probably finish school a dozen times with the money that it took to furnish this place.

I set the package down on the coffee table, and as I walked back to the door, I heard a phone ringing from somewhere inside the house. I froze.

In my pocket, my phone buzzed. I took it out to look.

Don’t answer any calls that aren’t from Marvin.

I put my phone back and followed the sound of the phone, poking my head into a few different rooms before I found it in an office.

I walked over to the desk and looked at the caller ID.

Incoming call from Jack.

That was odd.

I grabbed my phone to look at the message again. I was starting to get a little bit creeped out and decided I wouldn’t answer, just to be safe, and left the house, remembering to lock the door as I left.

I’ve done a few more favors for Jack since then. I drove a BMW to a random park in another city, only to get out and drive a different car back to Jack’s house. He had me meet one of his “employees” at lunch, who then gave me a briefcase to deliver to the first house I had gone to and told me he would know if I looked inside. On several occasions, he asked me to drive down to that same house and stay with the guy, whose name was Julio, for a certain amount of time.

In total, I’ve made around $3500.

Most recently, Jack asked me to stay in his house overnight. I woke up to a text message from him.

I need you to spend the night at my house.

I hadn’t ever seen him in person, but I had talked to him on the phone a few times. He proceeded to tell me he would pay me $1000 to spend the night at his house, provided that I followed a few rules.

I drove to his house that evening. The driveway was empty, and it normally was, but the porch light was on. I walked up, unlocked the door, went inside and then locked it again.

Everything in the house looked the same. Jack had told me over the phone that he would leave the list of rules on the dining room table. I set all my stuff down in the living room. My bags looked like garbage compared to the fancy furniture in there.

I wandered into the kitchen, and then to the dining room. Sure enough, there was a piece of paper on the wooden table, held down by an empty glass.

Lock the door when you come in.

Only answer calls from Marvin.

Don’t turn on any faucets between 9 pm and 11 pm.

Don’t open the door for anyone- no matter who they say they are- after 10 pm.

If the door to the closet at the end of the hall is open, sleep in the library. If closed, sleep in any of the bedrooms.

The gardener comes at midnight. If he starts knocking on the windows, hide.

Turn the tv on and let it play on static through the night. DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS.

Help yourself to anything in the fridge. :)

I’ll pay you in the morning. Goodnight!

I made sure to follow all the rules. To be honest, I was regretting my decision. But, seeing as I was already here, and I was getting paid, I decided to stay anyway. I figured as long as I followed all the rules, I’d be perfectly fine.

Still, it felt a little odd. What was this? A haunted house?

Nevertheless, I lounged around the house for a few hours, as I was planning on going to sleep around nine since that’s the time that all the weird shit would begin to happen. At 8:50, I brushed my teeth, using the faucet for the last time before 9.

I checked the closet in the hallway and upon seeing that it was open, I moved my stuff into the library and got ready to sleep on the couch. I locked to doors just in case, and laid on the couch, scrolling through my phone. I hadn’t gotten any more messages from Jack, and I started to think up scenarios and reasons as to why he had such strict, peculiar sets of rules in his house.

I had dozed off at some point because, at exactly 10:16 pm, I was woken up by the doorbell ringing. I was about to get up to check, but then I remembered the rule.

Don’t open the door for anyone- no matter who they say they are- after 10 pm.

I stayed on the couch, trying not to move, paranoid that they would hear even the slightest sound.

“It’s the police! Open up.”

I didn’t move.

“Hello? It’s the police! Open up or we’re coming in.”

I still didn’t move, but I could hear my heartbeat in my ears.

There was silence for a while after that.

Then the doorbell rang again.

“Hey, it’s Jack! Let me in!”

It sounded like Jack, but still, I didn’t get up. He would have a key, wouldn’t he? Why would he need me to let him in?

This continued for almost a full hour; different people would ring the doorbell, announce themselves, and then disappear when I didn’t respond.

I was finally able to fall asleep, and the gardener never came.

When I woke up the next morning, I heard someone in the kitchen. I got up slowly, and unlocked the door as quietly as possible, taking my phone with me and walking across the living room and into the kitchen.

I stopped at the entrance and peered in.

It was Jack. He was standing in front of the stove, stirring something as the coffee machine brewed coffee on the counter behind him.

“Hey! Good morning!” He said when he saw me.

“Hi.” I replied, nervous.

I hadn’t seen him in person before, but he looked exactly like his pictures online.

“Scrambled eggs?” He asked, motioning to the pan with a wooden spoon.

“Yeah, thanks!” I replied, walking over to take the plate from him.

I ate my breakfast and drank some coffee in silence.

“So how was it?” He asked.

“It was okay. Nothing super freaky happened.” I replied.

“Cool!” He replied.

There was an awkwardness in the room.

“I think I’m gonna go now. I have class…” I trailed off.

I didn't. But I really wanted to get out of there.

“Oh, no! Yeah, sure! I’ll talk to you some other time.” He replied.

I grabbed my stuff and he walked me to my car. I could see him standing in the driveway, staring at me as I left.

When I got home, I unpacked all my stuff and noticed that I still had the list with me. I sat on my bed and read it again. I felt my body tense up as I realized that I had forgotten something.

Turn the tv on and let it play on static through the night. DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS.

Turn the tv on and let it play on static through the night. DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS.

DO NOT FORGET TO DO THIS.

I stared at the words on the page until they lost meaning.

Beside me, my phone buzzed, snapping me back to reality.

It was the $1000 payment.

I looked at my phone and then back at the list.

Maybe it wasn’t an important step?

As I was thinking this over, a text from Jack came it.

I’m not in town right now, I should be back next week, so you’re free from running any more errands for me until then! Just sent the payment, go do something fun ;)

I stared at the message and read it again.

And again.

And once more for good measure.

I’m not in town right now.

I thought back to this morning, and how Jack was in his house. How he gave me breakfast.

I’m not in town right now.

Within minutes, a new text came in this time from a number that I didn’t recognize.

Did you forget to do something? ;)

The text was followed by a picture of Jack - or, whoever this version of Jack was- standing in front of the tv.

I didn’t respond.

Next came another picture, this one was of the outside of my house.

It was followed by another text.

My wife "Lynn" and I have been together for six years and married for 11 months. Our entire history together has been very normal and never once have I noticed any weird behaviors or red flags. I can't stress enough how out of character this whole thing is for her.  

Lynn is very kind, intelligent and thoughtful. She's always been the no nonsense type of person. Being childish, or trying to scare me is not something she'd normally do. 

She doesn't even like watching horror movies. When we first started dating she agreed to watch The Shining with me because she knew how much I loved horror. She was so scared that she didn't even make it through half of the movie before we had to turn it off. She isn't into anything creepy, and has never been into pranks. It's just not her cup of tea. And that's fine. But that's what was so strange about this. It's just so unlike her. 

I should also add that she never had any mental health issues and as far as I'm aware it doesn't run in her family. I know some people are able to hide their mental health problems, but in the six years we've been together I think I'd have seen some sort of sign. 

Two months ago, I was in the kitchen making myself some coffee before work. I was running a bit late that morning and knew I wouldn't be able to make it to Dunkin Donuts for my usual morning fix. 

I took a sip of my coffee as I hurried down the hall towards the front door, when I happened to notice Lynn peeking at me from around the corner ahead of me. I could only see her eyes, and a  strand of her long dark hair hanging against the wall. The rest of her body was concealed behind the corner. I nearly spilled my coffee when I saw her. I did burn the shit out of my lips. 

"Geeze, Lynn." I said, wiping a few drops of coffee from my pants. "You scared the shit out of me." 

She immediately popped out of view like a little kid that had been caught. I heard her scurry off towards the living room, and by the time I got to the front door she was out of sight. 

It was really weird, and just totally out of character for her like I said, but I also found it kind of funny that she was being more playful and a little less serious. I shouted that I loved her, and called her a weirdo. As I shut the door behind me I heard her laughing.

Her behavior was a bit odd, but it certainly wasn't something to call a priest over. I forgot about it by lunch and by the time I got home she was her normal self. I didn't bring it up and neither did she, and life went on. 

The next incident happened three days later. It was around 2am and I had woken up to get a drink. I was standing at the kitchen island, jug of Oj in hand, when I felt a strong feeling that I was being watched. 

For whatever reason I looked down at the floor and saw my wife's smiling face staring back. She was peeking at me from the other side of the island, staring up at me with wide unblinking eyes and grinning. Grinning like the Cheshire cat. 

 I screamed, I'll admit it. Not out of irritation but fear. For some reason at that moment I was scared. 

At the sound of my scream Lynn scuttled backwards out of my view, her hands and feet smacking the tile floor as she hurried out of the kitchen on all fours.  I didn't run after her, or even yell after her. I just stood there frozen in shock, wondering what fuck had possessed her to do that.

 It took me a little longer than I'd like to admit to go back upstairs, but I eventually did. When I got to our bedroom, Lynn was lying on her side, asleep. Or at least pretending to be. I stood there for a while, watching her breathing to be sure she really was asleep. 

I had the feeling she might jump out at me the moment I got into bed. But she didn't. I climbed into bed and she didn't even move. Her breathing was soft and deep and I was starting to wonder if I'd dreamt the whole thing. 

The next morning I waited for her to come down for coffee and after handing her a mug and kissing her cheek I decided to ask her about it. 

"What was that about last night?" I asked, keeping my tone light so I didn't offend or embarrass her. 

She frowned over her cup of coffee, shaking her head like she had no clue what I was referring to. 

"You were peeking at me again. From over there." I said, pointing to the spot on the floor by the kitchen island.  

She followed my gaze, and when she looked back at me she burst out laughing. She laughed so hard that I couldn't help but join her. 

"You creep me the fuck out sometimes, you know that?" I said. She giggled and set her cup on the counter and wrapped her arms around my neck. 

"You creep me out all the time. So I guess we're even." She teased.

We said our goodbyes and left for work. As I drove I kept thinking about how creepy it had been seeing her grinning at me from behind the island like that. The sounds her hands made on the floor as she crawled away. I told myself she was just trying to be silly. Just trying to join me in my love of all things horror…. 

 It's not like I was afraid of her. But it still didn't sit right with me. 

I started seeing her peeking at me more and more. Sometimes she'd be peeking out from behind the couch or living room curtains. Once she even managed to get inside her grandmother's old trunk that sits at the foot of our bed. 

I might not have even known she was there at all had the trunk's old hinges not given her away. 

She'd had the lid propped up just enough so that  only half of her face peeked through. She'd been grinning like an excited toddler. It was unnerving. I didn't even know what to say to her. All I could do was stare. When I finally found my voice, I asked her why on earth was she doing this. She didn't answer, but she had slowly closed the lid, shutting herself inside the trunk. I just walked away, feeling disturbed.  

I didn't understand why she was doing it, but it clearly made her happy. I just hoped she would tire of the game quickly. 

Lynn didn't peek at me for the next two weeks. I started to think she was done with her weird prank and I was relieved. We were watching a show on Netflix one night and I jokingly said that I hadn't seen her peeking at me lately, and that she must have given up on her spy game. She looked up at me with a small smile and said, "Maybe I've just gotten better at it." 

I didn't say anything but I wondered whether or not she was joking.

For the next few days I couldn't stop thinking about what she'd said. Was she still peeking at me when I wasn't looking and I just hadn't noticed? And if so, what the hell was she getting out of this? I started to feel paranoid, constantly checking whether she was watching from around the corner, or behind a door.  I was jumpy whenever I was home and she wasn't in full view of me. I felt stupid and a little crazy. 

But after a few weeks without another incident, I began to relax.  I stopped checking behind furniture and walls and told myself it was just a bad memory. 

Then a few days ago things got so much worse....

Lynn left to go to a friend's, and I lounged on the couch and played a couple games on my laptop. 

Around 9pm I hopped in the shower and as I was washing the soap from my hair, I felt that awful feeling that I was being watched. I slowly opened my eyes and almost had a fucking heart attack. 

Lynn was peeking from behind the shower curtain, her entire head stretched into the shower, leaving just her body outside. Her long dark hair hung against the curtain, the ends dripping with water. Her mouth hung open in a terrible grin, eyes wide and red, as if she hadn't blinked in a while. I screamed and jumped back against the wall. She didn't move nor did her smile waver. Her makeup ran down her cheeks in two black streaks. She looked giddy and completely deranged. I was fucking terrified. 

 

We stood like that for a few moments, neither of us saying a word. Finally after what felt like forever, she slowly pulled her head back out of the shower, and I watched her blurry figure  through the curtain as she moved backwards towards the bathroom door. 

A second later the bathroom door slammed shut, hard enough to rattle the mirror. I screamed again, and jumped out of the shower to lock the door. I stayed inside the bathroom for over an hour. Maybe I overreacted to some of you. But joke or not, I wasn't going to put up with the crazy shit anymore. That's what I kept telling myself as I paced in my bathroom, stopping to listen at the door every few minutes. 

Suddenly I heard a muffled sound, and I pressed my ear against the bathroom door, straining to listen. I couldn't hear anything but I envisioned Lynn standing on the other side of the door, giggling at her joke. 

I felt a surge of anger. I was beyond pissed at being made to feel scared in my own house, and made to hide in the bathroom for an hour. All for what? Some joke? If it was a joke it was an awful one. 

"What the fuck Lynn!" I snapped. "This shit is getting really fucking annoying." I waited for her to apologize, or to call me a jerk. But instead I heard a faint moan, so quiet I wondered if I heard it at all, and then complete silence. 

"Lynn?" I called out, not able to even hide the shakiness in my voice. I got no response. Just my own heavy breathing. 

"I swear to God, just fucking stop it!" I yelled, pounding my fist on the door. 

I waited for her to cuss me out, something I would expect from me talking to her like that. I never screamed at her before. 

But there was nothing. Just the occasional drip from the shower head. 

I won't deny that I was scared. Too afraid to open the damn door and face my own wife. I waited another 30 minutes or so, which feels like a fucking lifetime when you're scared. Finally I decided I wasn't going to spend the night hiding in my bathroom, so I got down on my knees and peered under the door. I almost expected to see her face peeking back at me but thankfully I didn't. I could see straight down the hallway to the top of the stairs, but no Lynn. I didn't know if I should be happy about that or not. I looked for a few minutes, waiting to see her head pop up over the top step, but it never came. 

I stood up, my hand hovering over the door and mentally prepared myself to open it. I slowly turned the lock with shaky fingers, and was about to yank it open when I heard a sound that still makes me feel nauseous when I think about it. 

A moan, louder than before, but this time I was able to tell just where it was coming from. I turned my head to the closet door as if in slow motion, and locked eyes with my wife who was peeking out at me from the slight gap.  

Her eyes were still wide as ever and her mouth was hanging open in the most grotesque gaping smile I'd ever seen. I didn't even scream. I was too scared for even that. Her hands were clasped to her chest, body trembling with sheer delight, as if she could barely contain her excitement. A short raspy moan bubbled up from her throat, deep and raw, sending a shiver through my entire body. 

Somehow I found the ability to pull the bathroom door open and ran as fast as I could all the way down the steps, snagging my keys and phone from the table in the living room before running outside to my car. I could hear her shrill laughter behind me but I didn't hear her getting closer. I didn't bother shutting the front door. I drove away from the house faster than I legally should have, shivering the entire time, either from fear or the cold. Maybe a little of both. I hadn't grabbed a coat or even a pair of shoes. I was still in my boxers and my hair was still damp. 

I drove straight to my brother Chris's house about 40 minutes away, ignoring any and every call and text I got. I didn't check my phone until I was safely parked in my brother's driveway. Lynn had called 4 times and sent a flurry of texts, all wondering where I'd gone and why I left "like that." 

I threw my phone at the dash in a rage, furious at her nonchalant attitude. My brother and his wife were surprised to see me, especially dressed in just a pair of boxers, but told me to stay as long as I needed. Chris lent me some clothes and asked me what happened. I told him Lynn and I had a fight, but didn't get into the details. I didn't want him to think I was overreacting, leaving my wife over a prank, even if it was a strange one. I mean, hadn't I encouraged her for years to lighten up instead of being so serious all the time? I had wanted her to relax and loosen up, but this was definitely not what I'd had in mind.  

 

I tried to sleep on their sofa, but my brain wouldn't let me sleep. Every time I closed my eyes I saw Lynn's face staring at me from inside the closet. Knowing she'd been in there with me the entire time made my skin crawl. She'd never left the fucking bathroom at all. Instead she slipped inside the closet and slammed the bathroom door shut to fool me. 

The mere thought of going back home gave me anxiety. I tossed and turned, unable to sleep. Chris ended up giving me a sleeping pill so I was able to get a little rest. My sleep was filled with terrible dreams. All of Lynn's smiling face. 

I woke up just as the sun started to rise. My sore body ached from the sofa, and I felt drained. I knew I'd have to call Lynn at some point, but I didn't know what to say to her. I wouldn't be going home unless she gave me her word she'd never do anymore creepy shit. 

I just wanted my wife back. Her normal serious self never looked so good to me. 

I was contemplating calling her and telling her that, when that familiar feeling came over me. I was being watched. I was staring at the ceiling, my heart in my throat. I didn't want to look away but the longer I ignored the feeling the worse it got. 

My eyes drifted away from the ceiling almost on their own. Her face was pressed up against the window beside the couch, staring down at me with that same gaping smile. Drool dribbled down her lips, leaving two long streaks down the glass. I didn't know how long she'd been there, but something told me she'd been there quite a while, possibly all night. 

I didn't bother screaming, though I was afraid anger trumped any fear I felt at that moment. I jumped up from the couch and pounded my palm against the glass. 

"Lynn! Are you crazy? What the hell is wrong with you? Just go home!" I shouted. "Now!" 

She didn't move, and her ghastly expression never changed. If anything her smile only grew, as if she had never been more elated. 

I could hear Chris and his wife moving around upstairs. As if Lynn could hear them from her place outside, her head twitched slightly in their direction, and she began to close her mouth slowly. 

Chris called my name from upstairs, obviously concerned. I turned to see him and his wife Rebecca hurrying down the steps. When I turned back to the window Lynn was gone. The only sign she'd been there at all was the two streaks of drool still dripping down the glass. 

I tried explaining to Chris and Rebecca about waking up to see Lynn watching me through their window. They were skeptical, who wouldn't be? Chris and I went outside to the spot in front of the window but there were no footprints in the dirt, just a slight indent. Animal probably, Chris guessed, and I didn't argue. He and Rebecca assumed I dreamt the entire episode but they didn't understand, and I was too tired to explain it to them.  

I called out of work that day and turned my cell off. I didn't want to face Lynn. Just talking to her was too much for me at that point. I really started to believe something was irreversibly wrong with her. That no matter what promises she made we'd never be the same again. The thought saddened me to my core. I cried most of the morning. By noon I figured I was ready to confront her. Give her one last chance to explain herself. I could at least give her that after 6 years I told myself. I turned my phone on and saw the dozens of texts she'd sent, all from a seemingly concerned wife. 

"Can we talk?"

"I love you."

"Please call me." 

"I'm really worried."

"Can you answer?" 

"Just come home."

And more of the same. All texts telling me she loved me, and she wanted me home. How worried she was….Not a damn one addressing the crazy shit she pulled. Like she hadn't been acting like a character from a Stephen King book. 

Even her texts were different. She normally texted novels just to tell me to pick up a loaf of bread! You'd think she'd have more to say to me after her bizarre shenanigans. 

I know it probably seems childish to some of you who are miles away from this situation. But if you saw the way Lynn had looked at me, how she scampered away on all fours like some wild animal, grinning at me from inside the closet like a lunatic…..then I think you'd find my reaction was warranted. 

I ended up staying with Chris and Rebecca for another night. I didn't wake up yesterday until after noon, and thankfully I didn't see Lynn's face watching me through the window. 

"I don't want to pry, because it's not my place. But is this fight something that can be mended?" Rebecca asked. She'd made us both a sandwich for lunch and I knew she wanted to breach the subject without seeming to be nosy. 

"I don't know. I just….. She's like a different person." I said, choosing my words carefully. I still wasn't ready for her or Chris to know the full extent of the bat shit craziness I had been dealing with.

"People change Ben. But she's still the same woman you married. Maybe you both just need to talk through your issues. Whatever's going on, I'm sure it can be fixed." She said, ever the peacemaker. 

"I think it's beyond that now. I don't think talking would help. I just don't trust her." I said. The words stung in my heart. I missed and loved my wife. But how could I live with someone like that? Living in constant fear didn't sound too appealing. 

"Lynn loves you. She has to be absolutely crushed." She said.  

"I don't know about that." I said. 

"Well she certainly seemed like it to me. I've never seen her so upset. Very much unlike the Lynn I know." Rebecca said, shaking her head sadly. 

It took a full minute for her words to really sink in and when they did, I felt dread worming its way through my skin. 

"Wait. What do you mean? You saw her? You saw Lynn?" I asked, my mouth suddenly dry. 

Rebecca nodded casually as if that fact wasn't nightmare fuel. Maybe for her it wasn't. 

"She stopped by this morning just after Chris left for work."  She said, cleaning the plates from the table. "I didn't see her car though. Maybe she took an uber or something." 

"Becc. What did she say? Did..did she come inside?" I asked, sweat starting to break out on my forehead. I began looking around, examining corners as though a predator lurked behind them. 

"No. She just asked if you were awake yet and I said that you weren't. I asked if she wanted me to wake you but she said no. Just said to let you sleep." She said as she washed the dishes. 

"That's all? She didn't say anything else?" I asked. 

"No. She looked awful though. Like she hadn't slept in days. I think you should call her."

I got up from the table and thanked Rebecca for lunch. 

I felt a little bit better at the knowledge that at least she hadn't come inside. Still, I needed to double check that the doors were locked. 

I sat for a while trying to figure out what to do next. I didn't want to go home, but I felt that I owed it to Lynn to help her if I could. Hadn't I swore an oath to love and honor her through sickness and in health? Clearly she was very sick. 

If she was sick, which I truly believed she was, I had to try and get her the help she needed. But I didn't even know where to start. I didn't want to call the police, and besides, what the hell was I going to tell them? That my wife was peeking at me? That she was being creepy? As bizarre as she'd been, she still hadn't committed any crime. Not yet anyway. The police would have probably said that I was overreacting. But this wasn't some prank. It felt wrong. Dangerous even. Like something sinister lurked beneath her smile.

I knew as her husband I was well within my rights to have her committed, but what if she simply acted normal in their presence? She'd obviously been able to fool Rebecca into thinking she was just a concerned wife. As long as the doctors didn't find her a danger to herself or others, they'd have no choice but to release her after 72 hours. I felt lost and overwhelmed. 

So I did what any husband in my position would do.

I called her mother.

I didn't want to, believe me. 

Her mother, Marianne and I were never on the best of terms. We'd never fought or anything like that. 

She just wasn't a very warm person, and wasn't really easy to get along with.  She hardly ever smiled and when she did, only her lips would move into a thin lipped smile, leaving her eyes as blank as before. She gave off this aura that felt like she was permanently on the offensive. 

I'd only met her twice and both times were for such short visits. I got the impression she didn't approve of me for her daughter. Lynn always ushered us out quickly, as she didn't want me to feel uncomfortable which I was grateful for. Being in her mother's company felt almost unbearable. Like walking on glass. I was glad when we moved three states away so we didn't have to see her often. I was happy to avoid the woman, but I needed her help.  

I really didn't want to talk to her at all but I had to talk to someone and someone who knew Lynn better than I did. So I grit my teeth and did what I had to. 

"Yes?" She answered, already sounding irritated. 

"Marianne, it's me Ben. Do you have a minute to talk?" I asked. I could hear her cluck her tongue in irritation. 

"I'm in the middle of writing some checks, but if you insist, I suppose I can spare a moment. What is it that you want to discuss Benjamin?"  She said, coolly? 

"It's about Lynn. She's been... acting strangely and I was wondering if you had any idea whether there was something - " I was quickly interrupted. 

"It's a bit difficult to follow your rambling Benjamin, what is that you want from me?" She asked. I could almost see her standing there in her thin sweater and slacks, tapping her fingernails impatiently on the table. 

"I wanted to know if you'd ever noticed any odd behavior? Or possibly any mental health issues?" I asked. There was a long, uncomfortable pause  that I couldn't tell was because she was just thinking, or ….something else. Finally after a few seconds she spoke. 

"I'm not sure if this is one of your jokes Benjamin, but if so I don't find the humor in it. Now I do have business to attend to as I've said,  so if you don't mind -" she said, but I cut her off before she could get rid of me. 

"Marianne, it's not a joke. I'm sincerely concerned about Lynn's mental health. Her behavior has been very erratic lately. I'm very worried about her and I figured as her mother you would be as well." I said, my frustration evident in my voice. 

"If you're truly concerned then I suggest you get the health professionals involved. I don't know what you expect of me." She snapped. I could tell she was seconds away from hanging up and for some reason I was desperate not to let her. I had the feeling that she knew a lot more than she was letting on. 

"Please. If not for me, do it for Lynn." I tried. 

I heard a faint shaky intake of breath, as if she were trying to hold her steely persona together but failing. 

"Marianne? What's wr-"  I started. 

"Benjamin, I don't know what to tell you. My only advice would be to seek professional help. Do not call here again. Goodbye." I tried to call out to her but she'd hung up. 

I tried to wrap my head around the call and her refusal to help me. Even if she didn't like me, why wouldn't she want to help her own daughter? I couldn't understand that. I tried to replay the conversation, desperate to find something I missed.

 After a while I almost gave up, until I remembered her last last words to me. 'Seek professional help' she'd said those words with a bit of urgency. I could have just been grasping at straws but no, I was sure her voice had changed ever so slightly when she'd said that. As if they were very important.

What had she meant? I assumed she'd been referring to medical professionals, but maybe she was referring to someone else. Someone that she didn't, for some reason, feel comfortable saying directly. Or maybe I was just desperate. 

I waited for Chris to get home and after a very long and exhausting conversation with him and Rebecca, I convinced them that Lynn truly needed psychiatric help. I didn't tell them everything. I wasn't prepared to go into it yet, but I told them about our last encounter. How she'd hidden in the bathroom, peeking at me from the closet. 

They were obviously shocked but thankfully they believed me. They too just wanted to help her. Still they didn't think it was all that serious. Weird, maybe but not dangerous. They just kept saying that Lynn had to be playing some kind of weird joke. "Maybe for YouTube?" Rebecca offered, if only half-heartedly. 

Chris didn't think we should involve the police just yet. He offered instead to go with me, and I readily accepted. He reasoned that calmly talking to her, trying to coax her into going willingly was the best recourse. I agreed to do it his way. At least I wouldn't be going into that house alone. 

We drove over this morning, just after breakfast. There was no way I was going at night. When we pulled into the driveway my stomach began doing somersaults. Her car wasn't there, but I still didn't let my guard down. 

The front door was ajar, and for a split second I thought we'd see her eyes staring through the gap. I was shaking and starting to sweat. Chris however was fine. He waited for me to open the door, his hands in his pockets like he was going on a fucking stroll through the park. I envied his ignorance.

I pushed the door open and was immediately hit with the stench of rot. Chris smelled it too, and he walked in the house behind me with his nose scrunched up. 

"What do you guys use to clean the floors around here, shit?" Chris mumbled. 

"Shut up." I said, my eyes darting around for any signs of Lynn.

The house was deadly quiet and dark despite being 10 in the morning. All the curtains were closed up tight, refusing to allow any sunlight inside. If I hadn't left it just two days prior I'd have thought the house to be abandoned. 

We moved through each room, carefully checking any place that she might hide, occasionally calling her name. 

"Why the fuck are you looking under the couch?" Chris asked eventually. "Aren't we looking for your wife?"  He was looking at me like I was a moron. 

"Let's just go upstairs." I whispered. He shook his head but followed me up the stairs to check the bathroom and spare bedroom. On the way up my shoes crunched over pieces of glass that looked to be littered over a few of the steps. 

I noticed that one of Lynn and my wedding portraits that hung on the wall along the staircase had been smashed. The frame hung crookedly, all the glass removed. I stared at the picture, a lump forming in my throat. We had taken the photo just after leaving the church, after saying our vows. She looked so beautiful in her white gown. I looked at Lynn's beautiful face. I never dreamed her face would ever be a source of terror for me.  

We climbed the rest of the steps and checked the spare bedroom, but it looked completely untouched. 

I was hesitant to go into the bathroom, my fear from that night coming back to me all at once. Chris noticed, and offered to go in by himself but I couldn't let him do that. So we walked in together, checking the closet and the shower. The bathroom looked as if it hadn't been touched since the night I left. 

"I don't think she's here Ben. Why don't you pack some clothes and we'll try coming back tomorrow or something." Chris said. I nodded and went into our bedroom and shoved some clothes into a duffle bag. When I checked inside our closet I came across the source of the smell and gagged. 

Chris took one look and lost all color in his face. He had to go stand by the stairs to get away from the sight and smell. 

 I gazed down in shock at what lay Inside my bedroom closet. Soaking into the rug, were at least a dozen eyeballs, all carefully laid out in pairs. Some were as large as a quarter while others were as tiny as a marble. I stared down at the eyes she'd collected from small animals and I wondered how she'd gotten them, and shuddered at the thought. 

"Man, I thought I had it bad with Becca's shoe addiction. But fuck me. Your wife's in here collecting eyeballs." Chris said, gagging.  "Ben, I think we should go."  He called from the hall. "I'm getting nauseous."

"Alright." I grabbed my duffle and shut the closet door on my new nightmare. I stepped out into the hall and took a deep breath of air. I could taste the rot on my tongue and I couldn't help but gag. 

"Who the fuck lines up eyeballs in their closet like that?"  Chris mumbled. 

"I tried to tell you she needed help." I said. 

"She doesn't need help, Ben. She needs a fucking exorcist." He said. "You coming or what? I can't stand the smell any- " his words died in his throat, and his eyes grew wide with fear. 

I didn't ask him why. I could feel it. Someone was watching me and I didn't think it was the eyes in the closet.  I turned around, my eyes slowly scanning the bedroom. 

"Christ" I whispered, as I finally saw what we'd missed. Under the bed, curled on her side, watching us with the excitement of a kid on Christmas morning, was my wife. 

She held her hands together just under her chin, and they were shaking eagerly.  

Now that she knew she'd been found, I could hear the quiet noises she was making. A sort of hiccuping sound in her throat, as if the excitement was just too much for her. It was unnerving to say the least. Wide eyes, and that same huge smile. 

Everything in me told me to run, but I forced it away. This was my wife. No matter how twisted, she was still the woman I married. I had to help her. 

"Lynn…"  I said softly. She didn't respond, but her head bobbed back and forth in two quick little movements as if she were nodding. 

"Baby. I just wanna help okay? Can you…. Can you let me do that?" I asked. I had taken a single step forward, approaching her like some kind of dangerous animal. 

"I love you, Lynn." I said softly, taking another step closer. She let a tiny moan escape her wide open mouth and I had to resist the urge to run.  Her shoulders were starting to quiver, and her eyes grew as large as saucers. 

I crouched down so I could see her better, and immediately saw the blood. Her hands were covered in it. They trembled more the closer I got, as if she was barely able to contain herself. 

"Lynn. Are you hurt? You're bleeding." I said. She bobbed her head again, her bloody fingers moving up and down as if playing an invisible piano. They occasionally grazed her chin, leaving smears of blood on her skin. 

I wanted to recoil in disgust. The smell that was coming off of her was revolting. I could feel the vomit trying to climb up my throat.  Her lips were dry and stretched thin, blood seeping between the cracks.

I knew she wouldn't come out on her own, but I didn't want to leave her in the state she was in. 

I scooted closer and reached out to her. The excited hiccuping sounds got louder and her hands shook, fingers flexing. It was then that I could see the blood oozing from in between her fingers. 

"Oh my God, Lynn. You're bleeding." I said. Instinctively I reached out to take her hand, but before I could even touch her, her hand sprang out towards me. A sharp pain shot through my arm, and I fell back on my ass. My arm burned, and I could see the blood dripping down onto the carpet. 

I looked back at her in shock and saw her grinning madly, her fingers clutching a large shard of glass. 

"You alright in there?" Chris asked from behind me. 

I turned my head slightly, and nodded to him, cradling my arm to my chest. When I turned back to face Lynn, I saw that her focus had shifted. She wasn't looking at me anymore. And she wasn't smiling anymore either. 

She was staring past me, her eyes glaring at Chris the way a hungry lion might stare at an antelope. Her mouth was still hanging open but it was twisted into a snarl.

I got to my feet, and began walking backwards down the hall, afraid to take my eyes off her. 

"Are you... bleeding?" Chris asked. The moment the words left his mouth Lynn started fast scooting out from under the bed, the glass shard still in her fist. 

"Chris. Run. Go!" I yelled. He must have been too afraid to move because a second later I felt my back bump into him. He was still standing at the top of the stairs, staring at the horror that was my wife. 

Lynn had crawled completely out from under the bed and stood in the bedroom doorway, her face twisted in rage. Her whole body was visibly tense. Blood ran down her fingers and onto the floor. 

"Jesus, Lynn..." Chris said, "You uh… playing hide and seek?" I reached back and pushed him towards the steps. 

"Move your ass Chris" I said as quietly but firmly as I could. 

Lynn bobbed her head in fast, sharp motions, and began to grin, stretching her mouth open wider and wider so that her chin seemed to touch her chest. I heard Chris mutter a prayer and then he was running down the stairs. I stood at the top of the steps, stuck between the love for a woman who clearly needed serious help, and self preservation. 

"I only want to help." I said, choking back tears. Her eyes focused on me once again as she slowly lifted the glass, holding it out in front of her. And then she started sprinting towards me, grinning with utter excitement. Thankfully my body took over and I flew down the stairs skipping two or three at a time. I made it to the front door before I felt her leap onto my back, wrapping her arms around my neck, her open mouth next to my ear so that I could hear those terrible hiccuping sounds up close. I shook her off me, knocking her to the floor. I felt a searing pain in my back as she went but I tore open the front door and bolted to my car. 

Chris was standing in the front yard, talking on the phone with the police. I didn't say a word, I just ran to my car and jumped in. Chris took the hint and followed me, still on the line with 911

I watched the rear view mirror, sure I'd see her there, running after us. But I never did. 

I went straight to the ER and got 11 stitches in my arm and 3 on my back. The police asked a lot of questions and went back to the house to do a search but of course, Lynn wasn't there. 

They advised me to stay with a friend or relative for a while and to file a restraining order as soon as I could but none of those things would matter. Somehow I just knew. 

I dropped Chris off at home, and went to a motel an hour away. I wanted to put as much distance between me and Lynn as I could. 

This is where I've been for the last 4 hours. I thought maybe the police would find her, maybe they'd get her the help she desperately needs. 

But now I don't think so. Because 40 minutes ago I got a text from an unknown number. Just three words :

"I found You." 

And a picture attached. The picture was dark and grainy, but I instantly knew what it was. There was no mistaking my wife's eye. 

I started typing this out immediately after. I don't know what to do. I'm alone and scared, and I can't help but feel that I'm being watched….

My mom was my whole world when I was growing up. When I was seven my father left my mom and me after she found him having an open affair with a coworker. He beat her up for having the audacity to leave him, but she got the house and scrubbed him from our lives. She decided she would focus on herself and taking care of other women so she worked for lots of women's shelters and such. She eventually became a court counselor and social worker for abused women and children, and she really helped people get out of abusive situations. She understood the world isn't always kind to women.

Being the amazing woman she was, she knew growing up as a girl is already hard, so we had safety codes and phrases built in to keep me safe. She also had a special rule that if I was in trouble, I could call her or text her in our special way and she would come get me, no questions asked, and no consequences. That way if I was in trouble, I could call her without fear of her reaction or punishment. She told me she understood being a teen means making choices of your own, and sometimes those are really stupid choices, but they shouldn't cost me my innocence. She cared first and foremost for my safety.

When I was eleven I went on my first sleepover and I just wasn't comfortable. I wanted to go home but I didn't want my friend's feelings to get hurt. Our code was two punctuations. If I used two of any punctuation at the end, that meant I needed help or wanted to leave, but didn't want a person near me to know.

Me: Hey mom!!

Mom: Hey, your uncle just called and I might need to come get you, can you tell your friend you have to leave?

Me: Do I have to??

Mom: Yes, please pack up.

That way I saved face and could blame my mom. I did use it from time to time but it was rare. I knew I always had that safety net growing up, though I was pretty safe in the area we lived in. It was a small town on the outskirts of a college town, and I was advanced for my age so most of my friends were the kids my mom was always around with the shelters, and they were pretty laid back kids for the most part. I also hung around the shelters and the women would talk to me like I was grown, which was nice considering I was closer in age to half of them than my mom was. I didn't hang out with any rebellious kids and never really did anything stupid enough to be noted until college.

When I started college two years early, I realized really quickly how safe my little town was. I was graduating early and only sixteen, but the college I went to was the one right next to our town, and I could live at home and drive to campus and such. I had gotten drunk a small handful of times but my friends and I were always safe and didn't drive. My first frat party was...a lot. I'd never seen so many drunk people doing such crazy stuff. It was exhilarating but also really overwhelming. I ended up finding a quiet corner with a few people chilling. I struck up a conversation with a cute guy and he offered to get me a drink. I know, dumb niave girl, I didn't think twice and drank the drink. About ten minutes later I started feeling really strange and went to the bathroom. I had my phone in my hand, while I heard mister polite knocking on the door, but I could barely see my screen as I texted my mom.

Me: I'm at street redacted can I stay a little past curfew??

Mom: Absolutely not, I'm coming to pick you up RIGHT NOW young lady!

Me: !!

It was all I could see to press in my rapidly blurring state before the guy managed to get the door open and "help" me out of the bathroom. He checked my phone, saw the messages to my mom and with a snide huff, called me a worthless baby, kicked me in the thigh and left me sitting in the hallway alone. I know for a fact my mom got me out of a horrible situation that night. Part of our code was if we included an address, it was an emergency. An address meant DANGER. She had burned that into my memory, know the address, write it down, copy it as a memo on your phone, anything. So I memorized addresses before I went to parties, and she saved me that night.

She didn't get mad I was drinking or somewhere she had warned me against going, she was just so worried about me and wanted me to be ok. That night she took me to the hospital and they put me on saline and something else to help flush the drug from my system. I just remember mom sitting by my bed looking relieved but still worried. I didn't realize how dangerous that situation could have gotten, but she did. Beyond that I don't remember ever needing the code. She talked to me and told me the hard truths of being a young woman in today's world after I sobered up, and I've been very careful ever since.

Last month my mom passed away of a fatal heart attack. She had always had a weak heart and she was saving up money to get a pacemaker but it just didn't happen fast enough. I was completely devastated. I thought of my mom as a permanent fixture in my life, the rock that was always keeping me grounded and safe. She was immortal in my eyes and I didn't know what I was going to do, how I was going to move on with my life without my confidant, my protector. I just didn't know what to do. When I opened her door and she wasn't there I just cried. Knowing she wouldn't ever be there again was just so horrible. I texted her phone and it rang on the table. I looked at it and wanted to throw it across the room, but I would never do that. COULD never do that, she loved that damn phone. She loved being able to have her pictures and music all together and play her phone games. She would sit and watch short films and funny videos for hours after she should be sleeping. It was her guilty pleasure, that phone. That's when the thought struck me.

I remembered the funeral director told me I could place items in her casket that were important to her, and I decided then and there, I would clone her phone on my computer to save all her data and pictures and I would give her her phone. I loved the idea of her playing her phone games and laughing at videos in the afterlife. The thought made me smile and took a sliver of the grief away. I knew it was silly, and I didn't know how long her cell bill was paid up for, but I just couldn't stop thinking about how fitting it would be. She always did joke about coming back to haunt me just to play her games and watch videos, so why not give her something to tie her over until she sorted out how to haunt me to get her fix?

Her funeral was sad but lovely. She was surrounded in her favorite flowers, tiger lilies and birds of paradise. Woman after woman came up to me and told me how much of a difference my mom made in their lives. I thought of all the lives that she'd touched and all the people she helped throughout her life. Despite my grief I couldn't help but to be proud of my mom, and proud to be her daughter. Getting home after the wake and more condolences I finally sat down on mom's couch and turned my ringer on for the first time since I left for the funeral. Immediately I got a missed text notification.

Mom: I love you too..

I stared at my phone. The text I had sent her the day she died was there right before it, so I knew it wasn't a spoofed number. I thought for a minute that this was some prank, but I couldn't figure out who would do something like this. I decided to assume it was a well meaning friend of my mom's who maybe shared her number.

Me: Please don't text me from this number. This is my mom's number and she just passed away.

I waited. I saw the ... of typing. My heart was in my throat as I waited to get a text back from whoever was using my mom's phone number.

Mom: I'm at redacted location can you come visit me??

My heart froze in my chest. I hadn't noticed on the first message. I was too freaked out. Two periods. I reread the second message, that was the cemetery's location, with two question marks. She had to have been buried alive! I called the funeral director and begged him to meet me back at the plot, something was wrong. He swore up and down she couldn't be alive, they didn't do an autopsy but she was dead. I just cried and begged and showed him the texts until he finally agreed to meet me and help me find out what was going on. I put that phone in my mother's casket myself before they sealed it and lowered it down, nobody has that phone but her. Finally convinced nothing would soothe my panicked crying, he called an emergency exhumation. The ground was still freshly filled in so getting her dug up fast was easy. They opened her casket and her phone was in her hand rather than in the purse at her side I had put in there with her. On her screen was an unsent message to me

Mom: Under me..

That was the day they found the first body. Teenaged girls had been disappearing over the years at a slightly raised rate for the last six years or so, but most were assumed to be runaways and ignored. Families had begged for the police to look for their children but it fell on deaf ears. It turns out the cemetery caretaker would stake out grieving families. He was stalking the girls and would then kidnap them when they were coming home from school. He would kill them and bury them under fresh graves before putting in the casket and filling them in, hiding all evidence of his crimes in plain sight. After finding his map and his "souvenirs", they were able to give closure to twenty seven families. To me the most chilling evidence they found that a detective reluctantly showed me at my insistence. It was a collection of pictures of my mom's funeral where my thirteen year old niece's picture was circled.

I know you guys are going to ask so I'll tell you, I did get one last text from my mom. It was a week after all the media calmed down and I was able to return to my grief. It's hard to grieve when people are questioning you about everything and calling you a hero. I knew I wasn't but they just didn't want to listen to my story, they just assumed I saw something before they lowered mom's casket down. So after I finally got a chance to sit down and be alone, I put on one of my mom's favorite horror movies, and I texted her one last time. I didn't expect anything supernatural, I just felt like it would give me a little closure.

Me: I love you mom. I miss you so much. I hope you are happy wherever you are now.

I set my phone down and wiped away the tears that were flowing freely. This movie was still as good as the first time she showed it to me and it's cathartic to feel these emotions. I was genuinely startled when my mom's text ringtone went off.

Mom: I love you too honey, and I am.

I took a deep breath to stop the slight shaking in my hand, whispering my affirmation on the exhale, “I’m ready for this, I’m ready,” before sliding the blue-lined notebook paper out from its envelope. It was finally ready to read my dad’s suicide note.

It took me almost two years to get to this point of acceptance and readiness. Two years ago I was known as a bright, energetic girl who was ready to take on the world. Having just finished High School as the class Valedictorian, I was following in my father’s footsteps and received a full-ride scholarship to his alma mater where I would also compete nationally on the Women’s Track Team. All of this was possible thanks to the support of my favorite person in the world, my Dad.

Growing up, as far back as I can possibly remember, it was just me and Dad. He had told me that my mother had given in to her drug addictions, and walked out when I was still an infant. He always told me I look just like her, which I can verify by the pictures he showed me. That being said, he never was able to find her, nobody knows if she is even alive.

My dad didn’t hesitate to be the perfect dad, regardless of losing my mother. “You and I, we’re a team,” he always told me, “Together, there’s nothing that we can’t handle.” And that was true. Every day, he’d take me to school and head straight to work, just to come home and shuttle me to all of my extracurriculars, and still make time to help me do my homework and studying. Okay, so sometimes he forced me to do my homework, but it always got done before bed.

Dad was genuinely my best friend, our bond was something most other girls just couldn't understand as they constantly fought and argued with their fathers. Not me though, we were a team, there was nothing that we couldn’t handle. That is until there was no “we” anymore.

That weekend, we spent all Saturday moving my things into my new college dorm. I remember that day like it was yesterday. We talked and laughed all day as we unpacked and set up furniture together. We could only avoid the inevitable for so long though, as night fell and Dad still had a 3-hour drive home. Finally, we both broke into tears as we said our goodbyes.

“Remember, we’re a team,” he told me, choking back his tears, “Together, there’s nothing we can't handle,” I finished for him. And with that, he climbed into his pickup and drove off. I cried myself to sleep, thinking about how I had never gone more than a day without seeing my dad and now I was supposed to live on my own?

I woke up early the next day, still wearing my jeans from moving day. Realizing that I hadn’t stayed up to get the text from my dad ensuring he made it home safely, I picked up my phone to check for his text, but naturally, the battery was dead. I connected the charger and got the coffee pot started while I waited for my phone to charge.

By the time I got back to my bedroom, the phone had enough juice to turn on. I put in my passcode and went straight to the messaging app, but there was no message from dad.

I immediately had a bad feeling about that, it seemed so unlike him to not send the message when he got home. My mind started jumping to all of the “what-if’s.” What if he had been in an accident? What if he was in the hospital, or worse?

I called, hoping he would pick up the phone and calm my anxiety, but the call went straight to his cheery but sarcastic Voicemail he hadn’t changed in years.

“This is Derrin, sorry I missed your call! Leave me a message and I’ll probably call you back, but no guarantees!”

“Hey Dad, this is Erin. Sorry, I fell asleep, just wanted to know you got home okay. Call me, Love you.”

“I’m sure he just fell asleep and hasn’t got up yet,” I told myself out loud. I continued to try and reassure myself that nothing was wrong, but it didn’t help, I just couldn’t quash that feeling that something was wrong.

An hour had passed, then two, then three. I must have called at least a dozen times, but every call had the same result. Straight to Voicemail. By the time it was noon, I knew something had to be wrong, very wrong. If my dad slept until 7:30 AM, that was “sleeping in” for him, even on a Sunday.

I did the next thing I could think of and called my Uncle Dan, who lives only 25 minutes away.

“Hey, Uncle Dan, sorry to bother you but have you heard from my dad? He never called to say he was home last night, and well, he hasn’t answered his phone.”

“Oh I’m sure he’s fine, he’s probably just sleeping in. He’s an empty-nester now, Or maybe he’s just working on that old Camaro. Maybe he’ll finally get it running,” Dan said with a chuckle.

“Look,” I said while pacing my room, somewhat annoyed by his lack of concern, “Can you just please do me a favor and go check on him?”

“I’d love to, but I’m at the lake right now, having myself a nice quiet fishing trip. But tell you what, if you haven’t heard from him by later this afternoon, I’ll stop by on my way home and smack him for you.”

“Alright, thanks Dan,” I said before hanging up, not even trying to hide my disappointment. I couldn’t understand how Dan could just blow off the fact that Dad hasn’t called me. I knew my dad better than anybody, and this wasn’t normal.

I called the Highway Patrol next and asked them if there had been any accidents involving a 2006 Chevy Silverado, thankfully there had been none. After that I called the local police for my dad’s city, asking them to file a Missing Persons report or to do a wellness check. They blew me off the same way Uncle Dan did, telling me that “He’s an adult and has no obligation to check in with his teenage daughter,” and recommended that I wait a couple of days.

By 2:00 PM, still, with no phone call and nobody that would take me seriously, I grabbed the keys to my dainty maroon sedan and started driving. I drove fast, I couldn’t help it, but I made it home in just 2 ½ hours, cutting 30 minutes off the usual 3-hour drive.

I felt my heart speed up, and hit a little harder, as I pulled into my neighborhood, anxious to get some answers. As the garage door opened, I could see the Chevy Silverado in the garage, next to the rusty old Camaro with parts and tools scattered about. Feeling a little relieved, I took a deep breath in, and let my chest push the air back out.

“DAD?” I called out as I walked through the door. His keys, wallet, and cell phone all lay in place on the old, beat-up, brown shelf next to the door. “DAD, ARE YOU HOME?” There was still no answer as I peeked out into the backyard.

It seemed as though the home I’d known my whole life had never been so quiet. It was usually filled with the sounds of conversations, laughter. music, or the sound of sports playing in the living room. Tonight, however, the silence of the house was so muted that each stair creak sounded like the house was moaning in pain as if it was being forced to tell a dark secret.

“Dad?” I called out, a little softer this time, scared to disturb the leering silence. I gave his bedroom door a soft knock, then twisted the doorknob and pushed lightly, encouraging it to slowly open with a drawn-out, squealing creak. That’s where I found him.

The first thing I noticed was the blood. The headboard of his bed had a deep red, almost black in the middle, spatter of blood. It looked as if someone had filled a large water balloon with blood and launched it at the headboard. The splatters of blood projected upwards from the headboard, leaving long streaks of blood up the wall, and even onto the ceiling. Laying on the bed was my father, thankfully slumped in a way that I could not see his head and face. Next to him, I could see the deep brown wood stock of his 12 gauge shotgun.

This is an image I can’t get out of my mind. The harder I try to not think about it, the more I think about it. It haunts me, every day and every night. I frequently have nightmares, where I watch a dark figure place a shotgun to my dad’s head and pull the trigger, sending blood and brain matter flying throughout the room. I always try to stop it from happening, but I’m unable to move.

That evening, I experienced what shock truly is. It’s as if the part of my mind that controls how rational people should act simply broke. I know I called 911, I know I told them someone was dead, but I barely remember anything else from the ensuing events until the funeral, and the time the detective told me that my father’s death had been ruled a suicide.

Detective Tilly was her name, I always kept her card in my nightstand. She handed me a Ziploc bag, inside was an off-white envelope, that was once sealed but had carefully been opened. On the outside, written in black ink, my name was written. “It’s addressed to you,” Detective Tilly said, “We had to process it for evidence, but the case is closed and this belongs to you.” The next thing she handed me was her card, with a soft touch on my shoulder and a promise that I could call any time, under any circumstance.

Over the following 18 months, my life can only be described as an absolute mess. I was hospitalized twice. Not for physical injuries, but psychiatric ones. I would simply forget to eat, and ended up severely underweight. Another time, I was apparently found by police walking down the highway at night, barefoot, wearing only shorts and a tee-shirt. I don’t remember that, but needless to say, I did not end up following through with college.

When I wasn’t an in-patient, I stayed with my Uncle Dan and Aunt Molly who kindly took me in, and handled basically all of the affairs. Over the past 6 months, thanks to the help of Uncle Dan, Aunt Molly, my psychiatrist, and my therapist, I’ve made progress enough to finally start feeling like a normal person again. I’d been weaned to low dosages of the pills that help me sleep, and my therapist and I had decided that I was finally in a place where I could, and should, read the suicide letter addressed to me.

*Erin,

I want you to know that I’m sorry and that none of this is your fault.
Ever since your mother’s death, the only thing that brought me happiness was being your dad.

Now that you are off on your own, I don’t feel as if I have any reason to live.

I Love you,

Dad.*

I paused, staring at the words, letting them sink in. My fist slammed on the desk before I even realized I was angry, knocking my pen holder over. I grabbed the pen holder and threw it across the room. I heard it crack on the wall, followed by pens and pencils landing In every which direction.

“What the fuck?” I said out loud, as my sight blurred slightly from the accumulating tears. This letter was supposed to provide me with closure, not more questions. What did he mean by “my mother’s death”? My father had always told me that she left, and he didn’t know what happened to her after that. And why is it that he couldn't continue to be my dad after I left college?

I took a deep breath in through my nose and pushed the air out through my lips. I took a couple more deep breaths until I had composure over myself. I started picking up the pens that I had thrown everywhere. They were all the blue-capped ballpoint pens, the only pens I would write with. That habit was one of the many that I picked up from my dad.

That’s when the oddity of the note struck me, something I hadn’t thought of until now. The note was written in black pen, my dad only ever wrote with blue pens as if he had some sort of paranoia with using any other ink. I rushed back to the note and looked at it more intently. The black ink on the paper didn’t seem right, and not just the color, but the lettering as well.

I rushed to the closet and pulled out the old orange shoebox that contained every card my dad had ever left me. On top was the card he had given me along with my graduation gift. On the top front, written in blue ink, was my name. I placed it next to the suicide note written with black ink.

It was different. The handwriting was close, but different. My dad wrote the E in Erin with straight lines and sharp points on the graduation card, but on the suicide note, the back of the E was curved. There were other small differences as well, such as how on the note, the handwriting was slightly more slanted than on the cards my dad had given me.

Over the next few hours, I pulled out every single card and analyzed the handwriting, comparing it with the suicide note. The more I read, the more I became convinced that the suicide letter was written by someone else, but who? Was my dad Murdered?

I approached Dan as soon as he got home, holding the letter in my hand. “Dan, umm, there’s something that I’d like to talk to you about,” I said, standing in the doorway of his office with my free hand anxiously pulling at my hair.

“What can I do for ya, Erin?” Dan replied with a smile, but still looking down at his computer.

“My dad’s Suicide note, I read it. It says here that my mother died, but my dad said that she left and he never knew what happened to her. I’m, I’m just confused.”

For a moment, just a small moment, a look of surprise came over Dan’s face, as if he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Just as quickly as it appeared, that expression left and was replaced with a kind, caring, look.

“I’m sorry, honey, I don’t know much about your mother, only met her a few times myself.” He paused for a minute, to remove his reading glasses and set them on his desk. “I’m sorry to say this, but I think it’s also fair to say that there were a lot of things your dad kept to himself. I wish he’d opened up about his struggles, we all do.”

“Okay, I’m sorry to bother you,” I said, starting to walk away.

“Hey hey, don’t leave yet, is there anything else that is bothering you?”

“Well, the thing is, I- I just….” I trailed off and looked down at the ground. I didn’t know how to say it, that I thought my dad was murdered. I started doubting myself and was worried that after all of the problems I’ve had that I might sound crazy.

“It’s okay, Erin, you can tell me.”

“I don’t think my dad wrote the note. it’s not his handwriting, It doesn’t match,” I spat out.

“Erin,” Dan said, sounding clearly disappointed,” I thought we had this all behind us. Did you take your meds today?”

“Yes, I took-“

“I’ll call Dr. Z first thing tomorrow, we don’t need you to have another mental break. I’m sure the therapist can get you in for an emergency session as well,” he said while scribbling down some notes on his post-it stack.

“You know what, you're right, I'm overthinking this all, I’m just going to go get some rest.” I didn’t wait for a response. I turned and hurried into my room, closing and locking the door behind me.

Deep breaths, I thought to myself, deep breaths. I took a few moments to compose myself, before sitting down on my chair. I unclenched my hand, letting the old post-it note that I had swiped off Dan’s desk fall onto mine. The note said, “Pickup prescription for Erin.” The E was written with a curved backline. I placed it next to the alleged suicide note. The handwriting from Dan’s post-it note was a dead match. Dan wrote this suicide note, not my dad.

Hours passed while I sat at my desk, staring at the notes, grasping the new reality of the situation. A dozen thoughts crossed through my mind as to what might have happened, what role Dan had played in my father’s death.

Molly had knocked on my door and tried to coax me out for dinner. I declined, saying that I needed some rest. My therapist called too, undoubtedly he had received a call from Dan. I ignored his call, thinking Dan was trying to make me think I’m crazy. What are you hiding, Dan? I asked myself.

It was 11:00 pm, and I was sure Dan and Molly had gone off to bed. I pulled out that old business card that I had kept for the last two years. On the top, in blue handwriting, the card read, “Tamatha Tilly, detective.”

I pulled out my cell phone, and dialed the number, hoping that she would pick up. Listening to the tone, I couldn’t help but think about that day two years ago, trying to call my dad not knowing he was already dead, laying on his bed with his brains splattered across the wall.

“This is Detective Tilly,”

The voice startled me, I had been so lost in that horrific memory that I forgot about the present.

“Hello, is anybody there?” Detective Tilly asked from the other end of the line.

“Yeah, sorry, ummmm, my name is Erin Mills. Two years ago, you worked my dad’s case, Derrin Mills?

“I remember you, yeah,” she said, in a kind voice with a hint of sadness, “some cases are hard to forget. How are you?” She asked.

“Well I’m a little freaked out,” I said, feeling comforted by the openness of Detective Tilly’s warmth. “The thing is…” I started to pace the floor, not really sure how to say it.

“Go ahead, Erin, what can I do for you?” Detective Tilly encouraged.

“I know it’s been two years, and I know this probably sounds crazy, but I’ve just read my father’s suicide note, and it’s not his handwriting, he didn’t write it.”

There was a pause of silence from the other end of the line, “Are you sure?” Detective Tilly asked.

“Yes, and I’ve compared it to my Uncle’s handwriting, and it looks exactly like his. I know how this sounds, but…”

“I believe you,” detective Tilly said before I could finish, “Look, if you’re right about this, we need to get ahead of the situation now. Where are you? I can come pick you up, bring the note and your Uncle’s handwriting sample, and we’ll look at this together.”

It felt so good to hear her say that she believed me. It had been so long since somebody truly believed in me instead of treating me like some sort of headcase. “Okay, I live at [redacted] XXX street,” I told her, already grabbing some clothes from my closet with my free hand, “but I’ll probably have to sneak out, this is my Uncle Dan’s house and when I said something to him about the note, he got really weird…”

“Oh Shit. Erin, you need to get out of there. I’m already on my way, keep me on the line, get out of that house, walk down the street, then start talking to me and I’ll pick you up.

“Okay,” I said, “I’ll talk to you in a few,” before slipping the phone into my pocket, with Detective Tilly still on the line. I quietly slipped my vans on and grabbed a backpack with my computer, phone charger, and a set of spare clothes along with a folder containing the suicide note, writing samples from my dad, and the post-it note from Dan, before quietly opening the door and stepping out.

“Going somewhere?”

I jumped a mile at the sound of Dan’s voice and almost fell over while my heart punched my chest from the inside.

“Dan, hey,” I said, trying and failing to hide the obvious fact that I was caught red-handed by the man that may have murdered my dad. “I-I was just going for a walk.”

“With your backpack?” Dan said immediately, taking a step forward.

I took a step backward at the same time, “Yeah, just in case I get hot and need to take my jacket off.”

Dan took another step forward, and I took another step backward to keep out of arm's reach. “Look, we just want to keep you safe. You’ve made so much progress, we don’t need another regression. Why don’t you hand over the note, so we can get past this.” His suggestion sounded more like a demand, and it occurred to me that he had probably been listening to my conversation with Tilly.

He took another step forward, and I took another step backward.

“No,” I said, “It’s mine and it belongs to me.”

“You know, you should remember who took you in, and put up with all your psychotic breaks before you go making crazy accusations about the people who care for you.”

His usually cheerful voice now sounded dangerous and sharp, and he took another step forward. I realized that I was all but cornered, he stood between me and the door.

“Give it to me now,” he demanded, no longer able to maintain the Mr. Nice Guy facade.

He lunged at me. I turned to run, but his hand caught my backpack, ripping me backward. I landed hard on the floor, smacking my head on my chair on the way down.

“GET OFF ME!” I shouted, and started kicking my feet at him, he ripped the backpack away, but I held onto it with both hands on the straps. He pulled again, even harder, and the seam in the strap started to rip. I remembered what my dad had taught me, if I were ever to be attacked by an evil man, to kick him in the groin.

I summoned all of my strength and kicked as hard as I possibly could, placing my lower shin right between Dan’s legs. He let go of the backpack and fell to his knees while I fell backward toward the window.

“YOU STUPID BITCH!” Dan yelled as he started to stand up. I was already pushing the screen out of the window, and just as he rose back to his feet I jumped out of the window, landing in the bushes four feet below. I scrambled to my feet while wiping the blood away from the cut on my forehead created by my collision with the chair. I heard a thud behind me and turned to see that Dan had already made it through the window. All I could do now was run.

I made it about 10 feet away before something hard hit my head. My vision flashed, and the next thing I knew I was on the ground with Dan standing over me, a large rock in his hand.

“DROP THE ROCK OR I’LL SHOOT!”

I looked up to see Detective Tilly standing 20 feet away, her pistol drawn and pointed right at Uncle Dan.

“Look, this is just a big misunderstanding,” Dan said desperately while dropping the rock.

“PUT YOUR HANDS ON YOUR HEAD AND GET ON YOUR KNEES,” Tilly demanded as she walked forward, pistol still drawn. Dan dropped to his knees while I began to crawl away. “NOW LAY DOWN ON YOUR STOMACH,” Tilly demanded, as she carefully navigated behind him.

“She’s having a psychological break, she needs help!” Dan pleaded, but Tilly ignored him. Instead, she grabbed his head and slammed him into the ground, face first, and proceeded to put him in handcuffs while multiple other police cars arrived.

A lot happened in the next few weeks. I spent a couple of days in the hospital, being treated for a serious concussion. Detective Tilly stopped in multiple times to check in on me and keep me updated. The following day, she had the case reopened, to be investigated as a homicide with the suicide note being a key piece of evidence.

Dan was arrested that night for assault, Detective Tilly had heard the entire thing over the phone and witnessed him hit me in the head with the rock. When questioned about the homicide, however, he refused to talk and lawyered up. Instead, they turned to interrogate Aunt Molly. It took her less than an hour to crack and confess to everything.

As it turns out, it wasn't just my mom who was into drugs. They all were. Aunt Molly, Uncle Dan, even my dad. One night when I was just an infant, things got out of hand while they were using and my mother overdosed. They didn’t want to go to the police, because they would all go to jail, and guardianship of me would have been given to the state. Instead, my dad and Dan disposed of her body and played it off as if she had walked out on us.

They all got clean after that, and my dad made it his goal to be the best dad he could be. The night my dad died, my dad admitted to Dan that he couldn’t hold on to the secret anymore. Now that I was an adult, he planned to confess to the authorities what had happened 18 years ago. This didn’t sit well with Dan, so Dan killed him and made it look like a suicide to keep Molly and himself out of prison.

It was a lot to grasp, but ultimately I feel much better finally understanding the truth. I’ve forgiven my dad, and can finally move on with my life and continue to college. I know that, even though he’s gone, Dad will always be with me. After all, we’re a team, and together, there’s nothing that we can’t handle.
